Added countnameditem script command. (#2307)
HerculesWS/Hercules: doc/script_commands.txt

---------------------------------------

*countnameditem(<item id>, "<character name>")
*countnameditem(<item id>, <character ID>)
*countnameditem("<item name>", "<character name>")
*countnameditem("<item name>", <character ID>)

This function will return the number of signed items for the specified item ID
that the invoking character has in their inventory.

	mes("[Item Checker]");
	if (countnameditem(Apple) > 0) {
		mes("You have an apple with your name on it!");
	} else {
		mes("You do not have an apple with your name on it.");
	}
	next;
	mes("[Item Checker]");

> 	mes("You have "+countnameditem(Apple, "John")+" apples with John's name on it!");

Reviewer: If you want support for translations, you cant split sentenses.
Need use sprintf or other formatting functions.

Example: ``mes(sprintf(_$("You have %d apples with John's name on it!"), countnameditem(Apple, "John"))``

But this is docs, because this i not sure is it really need here.

Reviewer 2: Or 
```suggestion
mesf("You have %d apples with John's name on it!", countnameditem(Apple, "John"));
```

Reviewer 3: I agree that docs should show the recommended code style, since this is where people learn/copy from. The suggested `mesf()` variant is the cleanest/most appropriate
